lib/storage: fix returning camelcase label names (#3608)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): fix a panic during target discovery when `vmagent` runs with `-promscrape.dropOriginalLabels` command-line flag. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3580). The bug has been introduced in [v1.85.0](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/CHANGELOG.html#v1850).
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): [dockerswarm_sd_configs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#dockerswarm_sd_configs): properly encode `filters` field. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3579).
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): fix possible resource leak after hot reload of the updated [consul_sd_configs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#consul_sd_configs). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3468).

> * BUGFIX: properly parse camel case label names such as `CamelCaseLabel` during call `/api/v1/labels`. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3566).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: properly return label names starting from uppercase `CamelCaseLabel` from [/api/v1/labels](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/url-examples.html#apiv1labels). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3566).
```

> * BUGFIX: properly return label names starting from uppercase `CamelCaseLabel` from [/api/v1/labels](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/url-examples.html#apiv1labels). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3566).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: properly return label names starting from uppercase such as `CamelCaseLabel` from [/api/v1/labels](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/url-examples.html#apiv1labels). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3566).
```
